How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

 Viewing a diff made it easier to compare the two almost identical codes line by line without manual effort. This made it easier to spot the typo with respect to the orginal code.

 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
  
  This helps to identify what changes has been made to the file. With more contents in a file, it will be difficult to identify the changes made and it will be time consuming and tedious process if we should create a copy of file manually each time we make a change in th file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

 In GoogleDocs the changes are automatically saved, but it is difficult to find out the more logical changes that has been made in the file. Git allows to make commits which is manual way of saving a version. 

 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
  
  Git is used in programming tasks. Google docs treats each file deifferently, but in programming several files make up a program so a change in one file may reflect in other file or the program as a whole.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
 
  git log allows us to find the commits made in the repository. git diff allows to compare the files before and after the commits by providing th ids.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  Making changes may break something, but with version control, you can always move back to the older versions and find out the typo or bug and thus makes it more easier to spot out the problems.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

 I use Git for version-control. It makes it easier for comparing different versions of the code and debug the code.Thats it.

